examples/README.md, before:

# Examples
This is the list of available examples in the _Jupyter Notebook_ format.

You can easily open them in _Google Colab_ or launch them with _Binder_ by clicking on the appropriate badge.


## Template
You can start working with the [template notebook](./TEMPLATE.ipynb). 

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MIR-MU/seqrep/blob/main/examples/TEMPLATE.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MIR-MU/seqrep/main?labpath=examples%2FTEMPLATE.ipynb)

## Classification Example - Apple Price
In the [ClassificationExample-ApplePrice notebook](./ClassificationExample-ApplePrice.ipynb), there is an example of classification with Apple stock price data. 

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MIR-MU/seqrep/blob/main/examples/ClassificationExample-ApplePrice.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MIR-MU/seqrep/main?labpath=examples%2FClassificationExample-ApplePrice.ipynb)


## Regression Example - Temperature
The [regression example](RegressionExample-Temperature.ipynb) shows the prediction of the next temperature value.

It contains three approaches:
- prediction based on **temperature values only**,
- prediction with added **additional features**,
- prediction based on **selected features** in the previous step.

A table comparing the results is attached at the end. 

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MIR-MU/seqrep/blob/main/examples/RegressionExample-Temperature.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MIR-MU/seqrep/main?labpath=examples%2FRegressionExample-Temperature.ipynb)

&nbsp;

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/back%20to%20top-%E2%86%A9-blue)](#examples)

Commit message:

Add description of second regression example

examples/README.md, after:

# Examples
This is the list of available examples in the _Jupyter Notebook_ format.

You can easily open them in _Google Colab_ or launch them with _Binder_ by clicking on the appropriate badge.


## Template
You can start working with the [template notebook](./TEMPLATE.ipynb). 

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MIR-MU/seqrep/blob/main/examples/TEMPLATE.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MIR-MU/seqrep/main?labpath=examples%2FTEMPLATE.ipynb)

## Classification Example - Apple Price
In the [ClassificationExample-ApplePrice notebook](./ClassificationExample-ApplePrice.ipynb), there is an example of classification with Apple stock price data. 

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MIR-MU/seqrep/blob/main/examples/ClassificationExample-ApplePrice.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MIR-MU/seqrep/main?labpath=examples%2FClassificationExample-ApplePrice.ipynb)


## Regression Example - Temperature
The [regression example](RegressionExample-Temperature.ipynb) shows the prediction of the next temperature value.

It contains three approaches:
- prediction based on **temperature values only**,
- prediction with added **additional features**,
- prediction based on **selected features** in the previous step.

A table comparing the results is attached at the end. 

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MIR-MU/seqrep/blob/main/examples/RegressionExample-Temperature.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MIR-MU/seqrep/main?labpath=examples%2FRegressionExample-Temperature.ipynb)

## Regression Example - Household Electric Power Consumption
The second [regression example](RegressionExample-Electric_Power_Constumption.ipynb) works with _household electric power consumption_ data.

As in the example with temperature, three approaches of different complexity are evaluated.

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MIR-MU/seqrep/blob/main/examples/RegressionExample-Electric_Power_Constumption.ipynb)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MIR-MU/seqrep/main?labpath=examples%2FRegressionExample-Electric_Power_Constumption.ipynb).

&nbsp;

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/back%20to%20top-%E2%86%A9-blue)](#examples)
